foreign
[Music]
ERS in all of the games that you play
hey everyone it's Rick here and today
I'm gonna be showing you the most useful
settings and tweaks that you can use to
boost FPS fixed FPS drops lower input
delay and fix any and all status in all
of the games that you play but before
jumping into the video just take a quick
second to leave a like on this video so
that it can reach more people and help
them as well and also make sure to hit
the Subscribe button because a lot of
you guys are watching these videos
without even subscribing but now let's
just dive straight into today's video
now the first thing that we're going to
be talking about is the apps and the
reason I'm talking about these is
because a lot of the apps that you don't
use are completely unnecessary take off
a lot of system resources and that
causes a lot of searches hitches lags
and all of that bad stuff so there are
basically two things that you need to be
doing while handling the apps one is
going into your start menu by right
clicking on your taskbar and opening up
the task manager then going into the
startup apps and then just right click
on the apps and just click on disable in
order to disable the ones that you don't
want to start up with your PC so in my
case I don't want to start up this net
marble launcher I'm going to go ahead
right click on it click on disable and
voila that's basically it the other
thing and the more important one is
actually uninstalling the apps now there
are two methods of deep loading your
windows one is the manual method which
I'm gonna be showing you in this video
and the other one is the automatic
method which does remove more component
but is also more risky so I'm gonna go
into that in a later video but what you
need to do is open up your start menu
and go into these settings go into the
apps then go into the apps and features
and just scroll through here and
uninstall any of the apps that you don't
require so system apps like calculator
for example you can go ahead and
uninstall it if you don't want it camera
you can go ahead and go into the
advanced option if you can not uninstall
it just go ahead and reset it from here
and even terminate then go into the apps
and features and inside of here just
scroll through all of this this whole
list of apps and uninstall all anything
that you don't use so in my case for
example I don't want to use people but
as you can see I cannot remove it
manually but what I can do is go into
the advanced options and remove all of
the permissions that it has and also
just go ahead and terminate it going
back and uninstall any of the apps that
you can and leave the ones that you
can't well basically you cannot do
anything about them manually so yeah
just leave them for now and later when I
upload a new video on how to auto deep
load and use tools to deep load then you
can go ahead and just remove all of
those as well but that is basically what
we're gonna be doing so you close out of
this and now moving on to the main
settings and tweaks that I'm gonna be
showing you in this video and that is
the optimal settings pack you can
download it from the link in the
description just go on to my website and
you will find the post with the same
thumbnail and the same title as this
video that you're watching just go ahead
and download the folder from there now
the website does contain few ads but
they are completely skippable they will
open up in a new tab just close that new
tab and you should be able to download
it without much hassle once you have
downloaded the pack all you need to do
is right click on it and extract it
using 7-Zip Fender or whatever you want
and open it up inside of here you will
find the oh and oh shut up 10 as well as
my own custom configuration file so what
you need to do is right click on it run
it as administrator and all of the
settings that are the best settings for
your PC and for most PCS are applied
inside of my profile so you don't even
need to do anything so once it opens up
before going ahead and importing my own
profile I'm gonna go ahead and show you
the recommended settings as well so if
you click on this recommended button
it's going to go ahead and apply all of
the settings that are recommended
however there are a few that it does not
apply and we're going to be going ahead
and applying those through my
configuration file so what you need to
do is first of all go into the actions
and click on create system restoration
point now this step is strongly
recommended not only by the app but by
me as well because in case that you
don't want to use any of these settings
or want to revert any of these you can
go ahead and easily do so with the help
of the system restore point so so I
highly recommend you to do this click on
yes and what it's gonna do is
automatically create a system restore
point just before applying all of the
changes and now that we have
successfully created a system restore
point what you need to do is click on
file click on import settings click on
the recognot take underscore profile.cfg
hit open and 51 changes were
successfully made to your configuration
hit OK and now we can go ahead and click
on action then click on apply all of the
settings and it's going to go ahead and
apply all of the settings the reason I'm
not replying right now is because I'm
recording the video but that is all you
basically need to do and then it will
ask you to restart your PC and even if
it doesn't what you need to do is go
ahead and close out of the program and
then restart the windows once you
restore your windows you can go ahead
and delete this pack or even keep it for
later use because these settings will
get reset if you update your windows or
if you change any of the settings back
yourself so I would recommend you to
keep this profile with you so that you
can use it later on but that's gonna be
it for this video I really hope that
this video helps you in any way shape
perform so make sure to hit that like
button and also make sure to hit the
Subscribe button along with the
notification Bell so that you get
notified whenever I upload a brand new
video and I guess I'll see you in the
next one until then stay awesome
[Music]